(LILI sigh, notice)
[LILI] He's here!
Master Bell is back!
It's good to be home.
My Goddess.
Welcome back. You ready?
Let's do this! It's time
for our War Game!
[OPENING SONG, "HELLO to DREAM"]
Now you be extra careful
out there, okay Bell?
I will, I promise.
Hup!
Please tell everyone
else the same, too!
And let them know I'll be
waiting patiently for your
triumphant return!
[BELL] I'll be back
soon! Just hang tight!
Hey! Aren't you that
Little Rookie fellah?
Uh, yeah!
Thought so.
We're all rootin'
for you in the
War Game, kid.
Yeah, good luck!
Give 'em hell!
(flattered)
Thank you so much
for your support.
[SYR] Mr. Bell!
[BELL] Oh! Miss Syr!
Don't hurt yourself!
Take this!
Huh?
(SYR struggling & panting)
It's a good luck charm an
adventurer at work gave me,
it's supposed to protect you...
(trip)
Miss Syr!
(catching breath)
Do your best out there!
I'll have a lunch waiting for
you just like I always do!
Thanks!
[BELL, internal] We'll win.
(internal) We'll win and
come back home safely...
No matter what.
(scoffs) Shutting ourselves
away and waiting for the enemy
to strike... makes for such a
dull game.
[CASSANDRA] Daphne... The
castle will surely fall.
Cassandra, are you afraid we'll
lose? I hope this isn't about
another one of your dreams.
(CASSANDRA discouraged)
Never fear...
If the commander survives
for just three days, we win.
Or if we defeat the enemy's
commander before that, we win.
[DAPHNE] Trust me, there's
no way we could lose in
this situation.
[CASSANDRA] Please... believe me
just this once, Daphne. Please.
[DAPHNE] That should
be the last of it!
[DAPHNE] Close the gate!
We'll lose... If anything
gets beyond the wall.
[LUAN] Hey, wait!
Hold on a second!
(LUAN scrambling) (panting)
[LUAN] Why didn't
you hold the gate?!
[ADVENTURER A] Oh, hey there,
Luan!
[ADVENTURER A] You're so
puny, I didn't even see you!
Huh‐what'd you say?!
Perfect timing, come
help us move this stuff.
(LUAN annoyed)
[LUAN] Okay how come.. I'm the
only one pulling this thing...?
Shut yer trap.
Just do it.
[CASSANDRA] (dread) I fear,
it's too late...
The Trojans have led
the horse inside.
(excited chatter)
[IBRI] Good morning, Orario!
[IBRI] The much anticipated day
of the War Game is finally here!
I, Ibri Archer, will be
your host for the big event.
You may also know me as
"Fire Inferno Flame."
[IBRI] It's a pleasure
to be here, folks!
And providing commentary for
us today is Master Ganesha!
[IBRI] Master Ganesha,
what are your thoughts?
I am Ganesha!
[IBRI] Insightful!
[LOKI] Oh wow, it's getting
pretty lively down there!
[HEPHAISTOS] Look I know a War
Game is one of the many ways the
city generates its revenue.
But there's honestly no
need to make such a
spectacle of our children.
Well.. it is what it
is, know what I'm
sayin? Huh?
Hm?
[LOKI] Well, looky who's here.
[APOLLO] Hestia.
Hmm?
Have you and Bell Cranel
said your goodbyes yet?
Once I've triumphed in
this War Game, and taken
him as my own child...
you'll never set foot in Orario‐
no, the lower world, ever again.
[HESTIA] Hmph!
[ASFI] It's almost time, Master
Hermes.
(excited war game chatter)
[HERMES] Right.
Let's get started.
Uranus! Permission
to use our powers?
[URANUS] Granted.
[ADVENTURER E] 30,000
on the Apollo Familia!
[ADVENTURER D] 50,000 for me!
You know how it works, you
don't get jack if you all
bet on Apollo!
[BOOKIE] Oh?
[MORD] 100,000 on
the Hestia Familia!
You insane, Mord!?
You wanna rethink that?
(laugh) I don't mind
takin' his money!
You just wait...
(SYR worried)
[TIONA] Ais! It's starting!
(AIS uneasy)
[IBRI] At last.. we are but
mere moments away from noon!
[IBRI] Let the War Game begin!
[ARCHER A] It's about to get
started.
[ARCHER B] It's gonna be three
long days..
I doubt we need to
worry about...huh?
[ARCHER B] What's that?
Well, here we go.
Looks like there's only
one of 'em! Let's do it!
[IBRI] An attack
right off the bat!
[IBRI] Could those be a
pair of.. magic swords?!
[APOLLO] I see..
A decent strategy.
However, we number well over
one hundred members.. and you
have what? a measly five?
I wonder if your children
can overcome those odds...
[RYU] Crozzo magic swords...
[RYU] Never thought I'd
see the day when I'd
need to use these...
[RYU] Come on out! Face me!
[LISSOS] Dammit. What the
hell's going on out there?
[LUAN] Magic swords! We're
getting hit with magic swords!
[LISSOS] What?!
[LUAN] I have new orders
from Hyacinth!
He wants 50 of you to
go out there and take
that guy down! Now.
[LISSOS] Fifty?!
That's half our army!
[LUAN] Any less than that
and you're gonna get blown
up by those crazy swords!
It's just one guy! You
can finish him off and
come right back, alright!
(startled shriek)
Just get going, hurry!
(irritated)
Fine... Let's move!
(fighting)
[GRUNT A] Look!
Her swords are gone!
[GRUNT B] Now's
our chance! Get her!
(LISSOS realization)
[LISSOS] An elf...!
Oh God of Strength and
Bringer of Destruction,
I do humbly beseech you:
Please grant me guidance
from the heavens...
The enemy is now invading!
And it looks like she's headed
straight for Hyacinth!
Someone, stop her! Anyone!
[LISSOS] Traitor! Using
the accursed magic swords
that burned our homeland
to the ground.
[LISSOS] You
are a disgrace!
[RYU] Unfortunately, there's
something more important to me
than holding a grudge
held by my kin.
[RYU] If protecting my friends
makes me a disgrace...
then I suppose I'll just
have to live with that!
(defeated)
So strong...!
Do not waver...
Now let's go
cut her down!
Descend from the heavens,
and take hold of the earth!
(intimidating)
(fighting)
Conquest of the Gods!
[MIKOTO] Futsu no Mitama!
(struggling with gravity)
For now... you'll be
staying here with me.
[IBRI] That looks like
some sort of gravity magic!
[IBRI] Incredible! The invader
has pinned them down!
[IBRI] Her timing suggests a
suicide attack. What do you
think, Master Ganesha?
[GANESHA] I am Ganesha!
[IBRI] Wow. You are simply
a wealth of information!
Stand fast, Mikoto.
(GODS impressed)
[GOD A] She used to be
Take's child! Incredible!
[GOD B] What was that masked
adventurer's name? Lion or
something?
(annoyed)
(tense)
Way too fast...
What's too fast?
Apollo Familia's
responses..
Countering Ryu's magic
swords and quickly dealing
with Mikoto...
It just seems a bit dubious.
Hm? Do you think someone's
feeding them intel?
[HERMES] Information
is a weapon in battle.
[HERMES] And the earlier
one obtains it, the more
potent of a weapon it becomes.
[HERMES] However... If a bit
of poison slips through the
cracks.. it won't be very
long before it spreads.
[HERMES] All it takes is
one drop for everything
to come crashing down.
(gasp)
[APOLLO] Luan?!
What is he doing?!
(smile)
[WELF] Yo! Nice disguise.
Thanks for all your
hard work, Lili.
Please, you go on ahead.
I'm going to stir up
a little more trouble!
(acknowledge)
Yeah!
A betrayal!
[IBRI] It appears the Apollo
Familia has a tiny little
traitor in their midst!
(anger)
That boy...!
(amused)
(muffled struggling)
(BELL panting)
[DAPHNE] Wait, what?!
[DAPHNE] Explain to
me how the hell
they managed to get
inside the gates!
[GRUNT] I‐I'm sorry, ma'am...
Dammit. Well then we're going
to need to cut them off
before they're able
to get any further.
Mages, start chanting! Archers
out in front! Fire on my signal!
Their commander's up in
the tower. Go, Bell!
Right!
Everyone, fire!
Ignite.. Heretic Blast!
(screams)
You..!
[WELF] Hold it right there.
Adventurers let their swords
do the talkin'... Right?
[TIONA] Oh my gosh!
Look at that, Ais!
Mr. Argonaut has already made
it all the way to the tower!
Wait, they had magic
swords. Why didn't they
just use them to charge the
tower in the first place?
[BETE] The bunny boy wants
to take 'em down with his
own two little paws.
He's a guy. He can't help it.
[HYACINTH] (disgust) What a
pitiful performance!
You're an embarrassment
to Master Apollo!
Please listen to me, Commander!
You must flee this
place at once!
What? I'd hardly consider him
a threat, especially on his own.
[CASSANDRA] Please, I'm begging
you..! You have to get out of
here before the...
(CASSANDRA slapped)
[HYACINTH] Shut your mouth.
I want you to blast him the
second he walks through that
door!
But do not kill him.
That pleasure belongs to me!
(BELL deep breather)
(bells tolling)
[LILI] The clock
strikes midnight!
Get to the tower!
Who's there?!
(fighting)
(MIKOTO struggling)
[GRUNT A] The spell's broken!
[GRUNT B] Get her!
(WELF & DAPHNE fighting)
We're not done here!
[BELL, internal] I was able
to get this far because of
everyone else.
But from here on...
it's my turn!
(CASSANDRA dread)
The lightning will rise...
Fire bolt!
(shock) What's going on?!
(excited)
What?!
(GODS amazed)
[GOD C] What just happened?!
[GOD A] I wish that
human was mine!
[HYACINTH] (pain) Dammit!
How can this be...?
(gasps)
(fighting)
[HYACINTH] Impossible!
He's so fast!
How are you the same
weakling I fought before..?
Who the hell are you?!
(CASSANDRA yell)
(BELL shock)
(BELL struggling)
(CASSANDRA struggling)
I am Love.. the
treasure of Light.
I offer this body
to the almighty Sun.
(CASSANDRA struggling)
[BELL] (gasp) You
have to let me go!
[HYACINTH] Ring of fire
for my enemy. Come forth,
westerly winds!
Aro Zephyros!
[LILI] I won't let
you hurt Master Bell!
(CASSANDRA scream)
(notice) Homing magic?!
(HYACINTH crazed laughter)
There is no escape!
Fire Bolt!
[HYACINTH] It's no use!
Rubere!
Master Bell!
(SYR gasp)
(gasp)
(LILI terrified gasps)
(groan)
(gasp)
(BELL struggling to stand, pain)
Actually managed to
survive that, did you?
Now I don't care what
Master Apollo wants anymore!
Die, you bastard!
(BELL inhale)
[AIS] Whenever you
see an opening,
their movements will
become easy to predict.
I learned something
a long time ago.
Landing the final blow is a step
away from one's own demise.
[BELL, internal] My best chance
is to catch him the moment he
thinks he's bested me!
(HYACINTH charging)
(HYACINTH utter shock)
(HYACINTH exaggerated pain)
(heavy breathing)
(blubbering)
(shocked / amazed)
[IBRI] The final blow!
[IBRI] It's all over! What
a remarkable turn of events!
[IBRI] The winner of the War
Game is the Hestia Familia!
(sigh of relief)
(disappointment)
[MORD] I think that's mine.
(ADVENTURERS anguish)
[BOOKIE] Go..! Just
take it and get out!
(MORD laughter)
[BOOKIE] You too.
Get outta my sight.
[MORD] Huh?
(NAAZA small grin)
(CROWD good times)
(relieved smile) Mr. Bell...
Thank goodness.
Mr. Argonaut's
so dang cool!
I guess the kid really
came through, didn't he?
(BETE annoyed)
Hey Bete..
where ya going?
[BETE] Wherever I feel like!
The Dungeon,
I'd guess.
Yep. The Dungeon
for sure.
[TIONA] Either that
or the tavern.
[AIS] You did it,
Bell.. good job.
No.. no way!
[HESTIA] Oh Apollo...
(APOLLO scared)
[HESTIA] I assume...
you've already said
your goodbyes...?
Wait..! Let's not be rash! I
talked big but it was in jest!
Your child was just so cute, I
couldn't help myself! Please!
[HESTIA] Shut! Your! Mouth!
I seem to remember you
agreeing to do whatever I
asked if you lost, isn't
that right Apollo dear?
(terror)
You will give up
everything you own..
And disband your Familia.. and
then leave this city forever!
You will never set foot
in Orario again!
(shock and horror)
[MIKOTO] I can barely believe
it, but we really pulled it off.
[WELF] Yeah we did. I know we
had to get a little creative,
but I think we should be proud.
[BELL] Yeah.
[BELL] Welf...
[BELL] Miss Mikoto...
[BELL] Miss Ryu...
Thank you all so much.
And you too.
Lili.. I really owe you one
for saving me back there.
[LILI] Master Bell...
Do you actually think I
was that helpful to you?
Yeah. I get to go back home,
and it's all thanks to you!
(LILI proud giggle)
[HESTIA] Ta‐da!
Whacha think?
This lil' thing is going to be
our new home from now on!
So I'm guessing you decided
to take the Apollo Familia's
mansion then?
Listen, they're the ones who
chose to blow up our old home!
It's kinda hard to
feel bad for them!
Right..
Well, we have quite a bit
to get done around here,
but first thing's first!
(HESTIA giggling)
(BELL curious)
[BELL] Are those... flames?
They're to represent Lady
Hestia... Flames of protection.
And that's a... bell?
Wait that's.. a bell?
Oh! So it's Lady Hestia
and Master Bell!
(HESTIA triumphant giggle)
[HESTIA] Exactly!
And starting today..
this is our Familia's emblem!
(BELL excited)
(HESTIA smile)
[CLOSING SONG,
"Sasayaka na Shukusai"]
[HESTIA] Next time: "Home."